c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\ControllWork.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\AutorizationPage.g.cs
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\RegistrationPage.g.cs
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\RequestPage.g.cs
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\ControllWork_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\ControllWork_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\ControllWork.exe.config
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\ControllWork.exe
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\ControllWork.pdb
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\DataBase.dll
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\Services.dll
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\DataBase.pdb
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\AutorizationPage.baml
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\RegistrationPage.baml
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\RequestPage.baml
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\ControllWork.g.resources
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\ControllWork.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\ControllWork.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\ControllWork.exe
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\ControllWork.pdb
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\BlueThemeDictionary.baml
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\DarkThemeDictionary.baml
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\GreenThemeDictionary.baml
c:\users\сагадиеве\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ControllWork\ControllWork\obj\Debug\RedThemeDictionary.baml
